content/_index.md, before:

---
title: Home
---

<img class="circular--square" src=/static/portrait.jpg style="max-width:35%;min-width:40px;float:right;" alt="That's me" />


# Fabian Greimel

I am a PhD Candidate in Economics at the University of Mannheim. I will be on the job market this fall and available for interviews at the European Job Market for Economists in Rotterdam and the ASSA meetings in San Diego.

My job market paper argues that rising inequality fueled the American mortgage and house price booms prior to the financial crisis because households wanted to _keep up with the Joneses_.

Download my [Job Market Paper](https://gitlab.com/drechsel-grau-greimel/public/builds/artifacts/master/raw/falling-behind/paper/falling-behind-paper.pdf?job=compile_pdf_slides) and my [CV](/static/CV.pdf).

## _Research Fields_

* Macroeconomics with heterogeneous agents
* Macro-Finance
* Household finance
* Computational Economics

 [more details](/research/)

## _Contact_

University of Mannheim  
Department of Economics  
L7 3-5, Room 204  
68161 Mannheim  
Germany

email: fabian.greimel@gess.uni-mannheim.de

## _References_

Michèle Tertilt (co-advisor)  
Klaus Adam (co-advisor)  
Krzysztof Pytka

Commit message:

UvA, WFA and AEA video

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: Home
---

<img class="circular--square" src=/static/portrait.jpg style="max-width:35%;min-width:40px;float:right;" alt="That's me" />


# Fabian Greimel

I am a PhD Candidate in Economics at the University of Mannheim. I will join the University of Amsterdam as an Assistant Professor in Fall 2020.

My job market paper argues that rising inequality fueled the American mortgage and house price booms prior to the financial crisis because households wanted to _keep up with the Joneses_. 

Here is a [video](https://www.aeaweb.org/conference/videos/2020/fabian-greimel) from the ASSA meetings where I explain the paper in two minutes. 

Download my [Job Market Paper](https://gitlab.com/drechsel-grau-greimel/public/builds/artifacts/master/raw/falling-behind/paper/falling-behind-paper.pdf?job=compile_pdf_slides) and my [CV](/static/CV.pdf).

## _Upcoming conference presentations_

* Meeting of the Western Finance Association in San Francisco in June 

## _Research Fields_

* Macroeconomics with heterogeneous agents
* Macro-Finance
* Household finance
* Computational Economics

 [more details](/research/)

## _Contact_

University of Mannheim  
Department of Economics  
L7 3-5, Room 204  
68161 Mannheim  
Germany

email: fabian.greimel@gess.uni-mannheim.de

## _References_

Michèle Tertilt (co-advisor)  
Klaus Adam (co-advisor)  
Krzysztof Pytka
