content/teaching.md, before:

---
title: Teaching
---

## Current

* Fall _2020_: Microeconomics -- Undergraduate -- U Amsterdam
  
  Here are some Pluto.jl notebooks that illustrate some of the material. The notebooks are hosted on binder, which runs the notebooks live once you click on the link. Loading Julia, Pluto.jl and the notebook on binder takes about 30 seconds. 
  
  * [Oct 27] [two-variables.jl](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/fonsp/pluto-on-binder/master?urlpath=pluto/open?url=https%253A%252F%252Fgitlab.com%252Fgreimel%252Fteaching-notes%252F-%252Fraw%252Fmaster%252Ftwo-variables.jl)

  * [not shown in class] [linear-approximation.jl](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/fonsp/pluto-on-binder/master?urlpath=pluto/open?url=https%253A%252F%252Fgitlab.com%252Fgreimel%252Fteaching-notes%252F-%252Fraw%252Fmaster%252Flinear-approximation.jl)

  * [Nov 9] [demand.jl](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/fonsp/pluto-on-binder/master?urlpath=pluto/open?url=https%253A%252F%252Fgitlab.com%252Fgreimel%252Fteaching-notes%252F-%252Fraw%252Fmaster%252Fdemand.jl)

    Note that there is an issue with using SymPy.jl on binder. Uncomment the second cell. Building takes three minutes. 

## Future

* Spring _2021_: Economic and Financial Network Analysis --- Graduate --- U Amsterdam

## Past  
* _2018--2020_: TA for Economic Policy (mechanism design, political economy, applications in monetary, fiscal, growth and competition policies, taught by Hans Peter Grüner) -- Undergraduate --- U Mannheim
* _2015_: TA for Mathematics 2 (topological, metric, normed spaces; correspondences; convexity) --- Graduate --- IHS Vienna
* _2015_: TA for Econometrics 2 (linear, multivariate time series analysis, taught by Manfred Deistler) --- Graduate --- IHS Vienna

Commit message:

update notebooks, add links to static preview

content/teaching.md, after:

---
title: Teaching
---

## Current

* Fall _2020_: Microeconomics -- Undergraduate -- U Amsterdam
  
  Here are some Pluto.jl notebooks that illustrate some of the material. The notebooks are hosted on binder, which runs the notebooks live once you click on the link.
  
  Loading Julia, Pluto.jl and the notebook on binder takes about 30 seconds. Note that some notebooks take up to 5 min to load because all packages are freshly installed and precompiled in the cloud.
  
  * Functions of two variables (Oct 27) 
  [[interactive notebook]](
      https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/fonsp/pluto-on-binder/master?urlpath=pluto/open?url=https%253A%252F%252Fgitlab.com%252Fgreimel%252Fteaching-notes%252F-%252Fraw%252Fmaster%252Ftwo-variables.jl
  )
  * Linear approximation (Oct 29) 
  [[interactive notebook]](
      https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/fonsp/pluto-on-binder/master?urlpath=pluto/open?url=https%253A%252F%252Fgitlab.com%252Fgreimel%252Fteaching-notes%252F-%252Fraw%252Fmaster%252Flinear-approximation.jl
  )
  * Demand (Nov 10) 
  [[static preview]](/static/demand.jl.html)
  [[interactive notebook]](
        https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/fonsp/pluto-on-binder/master?urlpath=pluto/open?url=https%253A%252F%252Fgitlab.com%252Fgreimel%252Fteaching-notes%252F-%252Fraw%252Fmaster%252Fdemand.jl
  )
  * Supply (Nov 12)
  [[static preview]](/static/supply.jl.html)
  [[interactive notebook]](
          https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/fonsp/pluto-on-binder/master?urlpath=pluto/open?url=https%253A%252F%252Fgitlab.com%252Fgreimel%252Fteaching-notes%252F-%252Fraw%252Fmaster%252Fsupply.jl
  )
  * Equilibrium (Nov 19) 
  [[static preview]](/static/equilibrium.jl.html)
  [[interactive notebook]](
            https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/fonsp/pluto-on-binder/master?urlpath=pluto/open?url=https%253A%252F%252Fgitlab.com%252Fgreimel%252Fteaching-notes%252F-%252Fraw%252Fmaster%252Fequilibrium.jl
  )

## Future

* Spring _2021_: Economic and Financial Network Analysis --- Graduate --- U Amsterdam

## Past  
* _2018--2020_: TA for Economic Policy (mechanism design, political economy, applications in monetary, fiscal, growth and competition policies, taught by Hans Peter Grüner) -- Undergraduate --- U Mannheim
* _2015_: TA for Mathematics 2 (topological, metric, normed spaces; correspondences; convexity) --- Graduate --- IHS Vienna
* _2015_: TA for Econometrics 2 (linear, multivariate time series analysis, taught by Manfred Deistler) --- Graduate --- IHS Vienna
